&#8195;&#8195;On January 13, 2019, five ontology enthusiasts and community development members set up ontdex-team to build a decentralized trading platform based on [Ontology public chain](https://ont.io). Decentralized trading platform, as a traffic concentration area of public chain, has rich application scenarios, such as on-chain rare asset auction, asset pledge and loan, and token transaction on chain. Ontdex-team hopes to create a complete de-centralized trading ecosystem, and ultimately ontdex will include all the assets on the ontology chain and other assets transactions on the public chain.

&#8195;&#8195;To achieve this step, we need a deep foundation of the development of the bottom of the block chain and experience of cross-chain development. Ontdex-team is equipped with the development ability in this respect: the members of ontdex-team not only have many years of experience in exchange development, but also have many years of hard work in the block chain industry, with rich experience in the development of the bottom of the block chain and deep knowledge of intelligent contract development. In addition to the exchange background and block chain background, ontdex-team's founding members also have a veteran front-end development engineer who will be responsible for product development for all our users.



&#8195;&#8195;Today, in addition to the five founding members responsible for technology development, we have a product manager responsible for product planning, a project manager responsible for community management, maintenance and promotion, and an excellent UI designer. They have many years of experience in the Internet and block chain industry, and have unique ideas and opinions on block chain.

&#8195;&#8195;Ontdex-team currently uses ontdex development and community management in the form of distributed development and office: the team's development members are located in Shanghai, Beijing, China and Los Angeles, USA, and two founding members in Shanghai and the United States. A founding member is located in Beijing. Ontdex-team's product managers and project managers and designers, on the other hand, are located in Singapore. They have formed an ontdex operations team responsible for the day-to-day operations and marketing of ontdex.


&#8195;&#8195;Ontdex-team is a community-based organization, ontdex will also operate as a community product, and most of ontdex's profits will be invested in the construction of the ontdex community. Ontdex-team hopes to build a truly decentralized autonomous organization in the form of a decentralized trading platform. Ontdex-team will also continue to develop new decentralized products based on ontdex, which will feed back the community and promote community development.


&#8195;&#8195;The current ontdex-team is still in its infancy, we need more talents to participate in the community and product construction. If you are willing to join us or invest in us, please contact us at contactontdex@gmail.com.
